So I recently started reading Marcus Aurelius'
"Meditations". While reading the introduction
I considered the notion that most people
nowadays likely don't subscribe to a single
school of philosophy as the ancient Greeks did.
Back then, there was the school of Stoicism,
the school of Epicureanism, the school of 
<philosophy>. Well known thinkers would likely
not tell you "Well I kinda like some of those
ideas, and I kinda borrow from these guys too".
They were much more rigidly aligned with a
particular school of thought.

Nowadays, most people don't think this way.
Imagine, if you will, all of your beliefs,
your worldview, religion/lack of; your
personal "philosophy on life" represented
as a beam of light. Shine this light through
a "philosophical prism", and it would likely
reveal a wide and varied gamut of schools of
thought; maybe a bit of Epicureanism, a dash
of Stoicism, but predominantly Cynicism. You
get the idea.

And then my ADHD lightbulbs went off: we could
build a little web app that is like an
"ancient philosophy personality quiz". A user
visits the website, fills out some basic
information (name, age, slt), agrees or 
disagrees to let the service collect the data,
and then goes through a massive series of
questions such as "There's is a higher power
that governs the univers? Answer 0-5, highly
disagree or highly agree". Each question would
be associated with a weight to different 
schools of thought. At the end of the survey,
all of the scores are sent to the server to be
processed, saved in a database (if allowed by
the user), and sent back to the client to give
them their "ancient philosophy gamut".

From there we could do all kinds of fun stuff.
We could calculate all sorts of statistics based
on all the data from users, we could expand it
to include more and more philosophies, when we
send the score back to the client, we could 
use their score data to add in book recommendations,
all kinds of neat shit.

We would definitely have to do some research
on how those kinds of quantitative tests are
designed, and how the metrics are created, 
because I have no clue. But surely there is
information on it.

We'd also no doubt be doing a good bit of
reading into philosophy. I'm not sure how into
that you are, but I think it's plenty engaging.

Even if you weren't that interested in
philosophy, we could adapt this idea to plenty
of things.

Let me know what you think.
